# 5 Item definition: __Adaptive Cruise Control__
The item to be considered is an Adaptive cruise control system in a certain car.
This item should let the car automatically control its speed.
And next to this it should also keep a minimum distance with its predecessor.

# 5.4.1 Functional requirements
## a) Purpose of the item
See ACC_FR_control requirements in [requirements/functional_requirements.yaml](requirements/functional_requirements.yaml)

## 5.4.1 b) Non-functional requirements
See [requirements/non-functional_requirements.yaml](requirements/non-functional_requirements.yaml)

## 5.4.1 c) related laws
See [requirements/law_requirements.yaml](requirements/law_requirements.yaml)

## 5.4.2 Already known safety requirements
## 5.4.2 a) Known SR from similar elements
See [safety_requirements/related_requirements.yaml](safety_requirements/related_requirements.yaml)

## 5.4.2 b) SR based on expected behavior
None already known

## 5.4.2 c) SR based on consequences of failure in expected behavior
None already known

## 5.4.3 Boundary and interfaces of the item

### a) w.r.t elements of the item:
The internal interfaces are defined as endpoints in the requirements
ACC_FR_config_comm and ACC_FR_states_4
as seen in [requirements/functional_requirements.yaml](requirements/functional_requirements.yaml).
This item consists of two components: the __ACC_Control component__ and __ACC_Buttons component__.
The __ObstacleDetector system__ will thus be outside the boundary of this system and is treated as an external system.
The boundary of the elements are the boundaries of the application layer of the software itself.
There are no hardware requirements or boundaries for this item other then the requirements of the application layer itself.

### b) w.r.t. elements of other items
The external interfaces are defined as endpoints in the requirements
ACC_FR_obstacle_detection, ACC_FR_actuate and ACC_FR_sensor
as seen in [requirements/functional_requirements.yaml](requirements/functional_requirements.yaml)
There are requirements from the communication item to the __ACC_Control component__ to give it an interface to the __PowertrainBus CAN network__.
Also there are requirements from the communication item to the __ACC_Buttons component__ to give an virtual interface to the __UserBus CAN network__ via the __SteeringWheel system__.
However the requirements for both of these interfaces are dependant on the framework and are assumed to be implemented as a service to the application layer providing the aforementioned endpoints.

<!-- tracability: added during HARA -->
Safety requirements imposed on external items are also seen in [safety_requirements/external_safety_requirements.yaml](safety_requirements/external_safety_requirements.yaml).  

##### Item boundary:
This item will only concern software and hardware of the:
- _Acc_Buttons_ component
- _ACC_ sub system
This item will __not__ concern software and hardware of the:
- The _ObstacleDetector_ system
- The _SteeringWheel_ system

### c) w.r.t. Req opposed by other elements
No items depend on this item.

### d) w.r.t. Req on other items
There has to be timing constraints on the delay of:
- Interface of the _BreakingSystem_
- Interface of the _CarSpeed_
- Interface of the _EngineControl_
- Interface of the _ObstacleDetector_

### e) w.r.t. Allocation and distribution of functions
> Arash: There should not be anything about safety here right?
Assumptions:
- _ACC_Buttons_ manages the user interface functionalities.
- _ACC_Control_ manages the computation of the simulation.

### f) Operating Scenarios that may impact functionality
> ISO note: operational situation == operating scenario

Assume:
- The _ObstacleDetector_ cannot detect everything properly all the time.
  - When its raining the camera will have a bad vision
  - When it is very sunny the camera cannot see properly
  - When the car is in a slip the estimated distance to the next car is not able to be estimated.
