# 5 Item definition: __Adaptive Cruise Control__
The item to be considered is an Adaptive cruise control system in a certain car.
This item should let the car automatically control its speed.
And next to this it should also keep a minimum distance with its predecessor.

# 5.4.1 Functional requirements
## a) Purpose of the item
See [requirements/functional-requirements.md]()

## 5.4.1 b) Non-functional requirements
See [requirements/non-functional-requirements.md]()

## 5.4.1 c) related laws
See [requirements/law-requirements.md]()

## 5.4.2 a) Known SR from similar elements
See (also) [requirements/functional-requirements.md]()

## 5.4.2 b) SR based on expected behavior
See (also) [requirements/functional-requirements.md]()

## 5.4.2 c) SR based on consequences of failure in expected behavior
See (also) [requirements/functional-requirements.md]()


## 5.4.3 Boundary and interfaces of the item
A := amount (real,  \[0, 1\])
V := velocity (real, km/h, \[0, 1000\])
D := distance (real, meter, \[0, 10000\])
AccState := {Off, Standby, Active, Collision Avoidance}

### a) w.r.t elements of the item:
- Interface to _ObstacleDetector_:
  - Receives: objectAppeared(id, distance:D, speed:V)
  - Receives: objectDisappeared(id)

- Interface between _ACC_Buttons_ and _ACC_:
  - To _ACC_: configSpeed(s:V). Note: used before
  - To _ACC_: configDistance(d:D). Note: used before
  - To _ACC_Buttons_: accStateChange(s:AccState). Note: used before

### b) w.r.t. elements of other items

##### Interface w.r.t. the CAN _PowertrainBus_ network:
- Interface to _BreakingSystem_:
  - Provides: break(amount:F)
  - Receives: breakPedalPressed(amount:F)
- Interface to _CarSpeed_:
  - Receives: speed(s:V)
- Interface to _EngineControl_:
  - Provides: acc(amount:F)
  - Receives: accPedalPressed(amount:F)
  - Receives: accStateChange(s:AccState)

##### Interface w.r.t. the _SteeringWheel_ system:
The steering wheel will forward the messages to the _UserBus_ CAN network
- Interface to _DashboardGPU_:
  - Receives: accStateChange(s:AccState). Note that this is the same as to the _EngineControl_
  - Receives: configSpeed(s:V)
  - Receives: configDistance(d:D)

##### Item boundary:
This item will only concern software and hardware of the:
- _Acc_Buttons_ component
- _ACC_ sub system
This item will __not__ concern software and hardware of the:
- The _ObstacleDetector_ system
- The _SteeringWheel_ system

### c) w.r.t. Req opposed by other elements
No items depend on this item.

### d) w.r.t. Req on other items
There has to be timing constraints on the delay of:
- Interface of the _BreakingSystem_
- Interface of the _CarSpeed_
- Interface of the _EngineControl_
- Interface of the _ObstacleDetector_

### e) w.r.t. Allocation and distribution of functions
> Arash: There should not be anything about safety here right?
Assumptions:
- _ACC_Buttons_ manages the user interface functionalities.
- _ACC_Control_ manages the computation of the simulation.

### f) Operating Scenarios that may impact functionality
> ISO note: operational situation == operating scenario

Assume:
- The _ObstacleDetector_ cannot detect everything properly all the time.
  - When its raining the camera will have a bad vision
  - When it is very sunny the camera cannot see properly
  - When the car is in a slip the estimated distance to the next car is not able to be estimated.
