## 7.4.8 Safety goals
Definitions:
- collision = withing 5cm of front car
- ct = collision time if car does not respond
- act = adjusted collision time if car applies maximal deceleration
So: act >= ct


### SG1: Keep safe distance
Keep a safe distance form the vehicle in front.
This should avoid a collision if the vehicle in front suddenly breaks.
Also the law is respected by the '2 seconds rule'.
An appropriate cSAFE >= 2 is determined based on the speed of the car.

ASIL: B

Conditions:
- State is operational
- ct < Inf => decrease acceleration
- ct < cSAFE => apply small breaking
- act < Inf => safe state

Safe state: Collision Avoidance


### SG2: Collision avoidance
Fully control the brake to avoid an collision

ASIL: B

Conditions:
- State is Collision Avoidance
- act < Inf => full break
- ct > cSAFE => revert ACC to configured state

Safe state: full break


### SG2: Maintain sensor input
Make sure the input that the system relies on represents the reality.
This should make sure there is no wrong input for the system such as dirty sensors or malicious jamming.

ASIL: C

Conditions:
- _ObstacleDetector_ gives an sensor error AND:
  - State is active => safe state off
  - State is standby => safe state warning
  - State is collision avoidance => safe state blind stop

Safe state:
- off: Turn off ACC and stop acceleration to go to a full stop
- warning: Turn off ACC and display an warning
- blind stop: Do best effort to avoid collision and go to a full stop, then turn of ACC.


### SG3: Intervene
It must be possible for the user to override the operational state easily.
This ensures that when the _ObstacleDetector_ fails to detect an object the user can quickly take control.

ASIL: B

Conditions:
- State is Active
- Break pedal is pressed => safe state
- Acceleration pedal exceeds current acceleration => safe state

Safe state: Set ACC to standby


### SG4: Override emergency state
Make sure that if the system is tampered from the front vehicle an emergency break can be overridden.

ASIL: B

Conditions:
- State is Collision Avoidance
- Acceleration pedal is fully pressed => safe state

Safe state: Turn off ACC
